Does it keep can Hey, Hey, I'm Hey, I'm Remy, your kitchen Hey, I'm Remy, your kitchen design buddy from Hey, I'm Remy, your kitchen design buddy from Kit Chance. Hey. I'm Remy, your kitchen design buddy from Kit Chance. What's your name? What's your name? Hi, Remi. I'm Hi, Remy. I'm Leon. Nice Nice to meet you, Leon. Nice to meet you, Leon. Nice to meet you, Leon. I'm here to help. Nice to meet you, Leon. I'm here to help design your dream Nice to meet you, Leon. I'm here to help design your dream kitchen. It's gonna be fun. It's gonna be fun. So tell me, So tell me, how do you want your So tell me, how do you want your kitchen to feel? I wanted I want it to be more I want it to be modern. I want it to be modern with purple I want it to be modern with purpley cabinets I want it to be modern with purpillary cabinets. Modern with Modern with purple cabinets Modern with purple cabinets, Modern with purple cabinets that sound That sounds bold and That sounds bold and exciting. That sounds bold and exciting. Do you have any must That sounds bold and exciting. Do you have any must haves in mind? That sounds bold and exciting. Do you have any must haves in mind? haves in mind? Maybe an island Maybe an island, a hidden pantry, Maybe an island, a hidden pantry, or something else? Yes. Yes. I'd love to have Yes. I'd love to have a white Yes. I'd love to have a white island. A white eye A white island will look A white island will look stunning with A white island will look stunning with those stunning with those purple cabinets stunning with those purple cabinets. Nice choice. Nice choice. Nice choice. How about the overall Nice choice. How about the overall layout? Nice choice. How about the overall layout? Nice choice. How about the overall layout? Do you prefer an Nice choice. How about the overall layout? Do you prefer an open Do you prefer an open space that flows Do you prefer an open space that flows into the living area Do you prefer an open space that flows into the living area Do you prefer an open space that flows into the living area or something more or something more contained? Something more Something more contained, please. Something more contained, please. Got it. Got it. A Got it. A more contained space Got it. A more contained space it is. Got it. A more contained space it is. How about the countertop Got it. A more contained space it is. How about the countertop How about the countertops and backsplash? How about the countertops and backsplash? How about the countertops and backsplash? Any materials or How about the countertops and backsplash? Any materials or colors you're leaning How about the countertops and backsplash? Any material or colors you're leaning towards or colors you're leaning towards? No. Not really. No worries, No worries, Leon. Some folks go for No worries, Leon. Some folks go for sleek quartz. No worries, Leon. Some folks go for sleek quartz or classic No worries, Leon. Some folks go for sleek quartz. Or classic marble. If you Or classic marble. If you want a pop of color Or classic marble. If you want a pop of color, maybe a glass Or classic marble. If you want a pop of color, maybe a glass backsplash maybe a glass backsplash could be fun. What do you think? What do you think? Let's Let's try that. Let's try that. Great choice, Great choice. A glass back Great choice. A glass backsplash will add a Great choice. A glass backsplash will add a nice touch will add a nice touch Alright, so we're Alright, so we're dreaming up a Alright. So we're dreaming up a modern kitchen with Alright. So we're dreaming up a modern kitchen with purple cabinets. Alright. So we're dreaming up a modern kitchen with purple cabinets a white island, a white island, a white island, a contained a white island, a contained layout, a white island, a contained layout, and a glass back a white island, a contained layout, and a glass backsplash. Sound good? Sound good? Yes, Yes. Perfect. Yes. Perfect. Yes. Perfect. Give Give me a moment.